and then you get whoa this is the
illusion reporting from somewhere on
Spaceship Earth I'm here with my boy me
shot we're going to ask me some
questions about the illusion did because
Misha goes way back pre illusion days so
what kind of a person was i before when
you met me first your shout-out
shout-out shout-out useless pretty
useless yeah and what kind of a person
am i now you're like a high-frequency
like purveyor of good vibrations really
and before when I met you you were like
shot out and you're really grumpy and
salty definitely look lower frequency
and what's my attitude toward towards
the surfing world here in Southern
California oh yeah you think it sucks
and you hate it basically I kind of
think you don't hate that much but I
think you hate surfing in Southern
California
what's your take on surfing in Southern
California well it's ride you know do
you actually believe that when you say
that it's on browse on well so Misha
have I been instrumental in your life oh
really yeah it's going through some
vibrational breakdowns and you're able
to like pump up my frequency help help
me vibrate right past the low frequency
you know slugs that are trying to slow
my steez down basically and so you're
Steve's is its back on its back high
frequency it's vibrating the proper you
know revs per minute now most people are
confused about the holographic
experience in the dream what's your
interpretation of that none of this shit
exists and you're just like making it up
in your mind right now so like if your
vibrations are positive and the
frequency time you're going to have a
good time your vibrations are negative
and your frequency is low you're not
going to be having a good
as your view of the world change since
you had your little baby daughter yeah
definitely do you try to see the world
through her eyes I try to see the world
through her eyes and basically the way
it works is having after having my
daughter I'm experiencing like higher
levels of joy and deeper meaning to my
life when your daughter sees you what
does she see hologram what kind of haha
I'm dig it I don't know you know that's
really a question for her nice weight of
way to worm out of that one yeah way to
worm out of that one alright that's my
boy Misha any any parting words any
advice for the youth out there stay
positive high frequency and 0 0 final
question what's your view on marijuana